Update Microagents documentation (#7978)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/prompting/microagents-overview.md

# Microagents Overview

Microagents are specialized prompts that enhance OpenHands with domain-specific knowledge. 
They provide expert guidance, automate common tasks, and ensure consistent practices across projects.

## Microagent Types

Currently OpenHands supports the following types of microagents:

- [General Repository Microagents](./microagents-repo): General guidelines for OpenHands about the repository.
- [Keyword-Triggered Microagents](./microagents-keyword): Guidelines activated by specific keywords in prompts.

Each repository can customize OpenHands' behavior by creating a `.openhands/microagents/` directory in the 
repository's root and placing `<microagent_name>.md` files in this directory.

:::note

> Keep in mind that loaded microagents take up space in the context window. It's crucial to strike a balance between 
> the additional context provided by microagents and the instructions provided in the user's inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that loaded microagents take up space in the context window. Both the instructions provided in the user messages and the additional information provided by microagents inform the model about the task and the environment in which the task takes place.
```
Maybe something like this? Let's avoid "crucial", LLMs overuse it 😅

Author: Yeah I just brought that over from a previous rendition. How about:
"
Keep in mind that loaded microagents take up space in the context window. 
The microagents alongside the user messages inform OpenHands about the task and the environment.
"

Reviewer: That works 👍

- [Keyword-Triggered Microagents](./microagents-keyword): Guidelines activated by specific keywords in prompts.

To customize OpenHands' behavior, create a .openhands/microagents/ directory in the root of your repository and 
add `<microagent_name>.md` files inside.

:::note
Loaded microagents take up space in the context window. 
These microagents, alongside user messages, inform OpenHands about the task and the environment.
:::

Example repository structure:

```
some-repository/
└── .openhands/
    └── microagents/
        └── repo.md            # General repository guidelines
        └── trigger_this.md    # Microagent triggered by specific keywords
        └── trigger_that.md    # Microagent triggered by specific keywords
```

## Microagents Frontmatter Requirements

Each microagent file may include frontmatter that provides additional information. In some cases, this frontmatter 
is required:

| Microagent Type                  | Frontmatter Requirement                               |
|----------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|

> | `General Repository Microagents` | Required only if more than one of this type exists.   |

Reviewer: I think it's "not required" 🤔

We read .md files, default each of them to 'repo' if not specified, and load it... We tested with 2, but I don't think it matters how many

Author: If you don't specify the name of a microagent, then it gets defaulted to "default".
If you have 2 repository microagents that don't specify name, they both get set as "default" and one of them doesn't load.

I tested this within my repo and it was only aware of one of them.

Reviewer: Ahh! You're right, I was thinking only of `type`. OK.
